feat(toml): Allow version-less manifests (#12786)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/manifest.md

[SemVer compatibility] chapter for more details on exactly what constitutes a
breaking change.

> This field is optional and defaults to `0.0.0`.

Reviewer: Just a random idea. Wonder if we can have a more structural way to show the information of manifest key definition, such as how configuration doc currently looks like.

Author: I feel like each approach works well for some cases and not for others.  Wish we could have a code fence with links.  I feel like that could allow the best of both worlds.

### The `publish` field

The `publish` field can be used to control which registries names the package
may be published to:
```toml
[package]
# ...
publish = ["some-registry-name"]
```

To prevent a package from being published to a registry (like crates.io) by mistake,
for instance to keep a package private in a company,

> you can leave off the [`version`](#the-version-field) field.

Reviewer 2: **Nitpick**: "leave off" sounds like you can set it to off/false.

```suggestion
you can omit the [`version`](#the-version-field) field.
```
